## What is the difference between push, pull, and fetch?

- `git push` - send changes from a local branch to a remote repo
- `git fetch` - get changes from a remote repo into your tracking branch
- `git pull` - get changes from a remote branch into your tracking branch and merge them into a local branch

Git users often describe `git push` and `git pull` as equivalent. This isn't entirely correct, since `git pull` does two things. `git push` takes your current branch and checks to see whether or not there is a tracking branch for a remote repository connected to it. If so, Git takes changes from the tracking branch and pushes to the remote branch. This is how you share code with a remote repository. You can think of it as "make the remote branch resemble my local branch". This fails if the remote branch has diverged from your local branch; in other words, if not all the commits in the remote branch are in your local branch. When this happens, you need to synchronize your local branch with the remote branch by using `git pull`, `git fetch`, and `git merge`. `git fetch` again takes your current branch and checks to see if there is a tracking branch. If so, `git fetch` looks for changes in the remote branch and pulls them into the tracking branch without changing the tracking branch. To do that, you need to do `git merge origin/master` (for the "master" branch) to merge those changes into your branch - probably also called "master". `git pull` does a `git fetch` followed immediately by `git merge`. This is often what people desire to do, but some people prefer to use `git fetch` followed by `git merge` to make sure they understand the changes they are merging into their tracking branch before the merge happens.
